Polish `burn` action (#4094)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Updates/Migrations/Migration-3-4.md

Reviewer: With the introduction of this file we may want to give an other name to this file, and rename the previous one? I mean in the navigation?

Author: If you have a suggestion, sure!

Reviewer: Lets talk in voice about it.

---
icon: material/upload
search:
  boost: 0.8
---

> This guide explains how to migrate from the latest BetonQuest 3.X version to BetonQuest 3.X up to 4.x eventually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to migrate from BetonQuest 3.0.0 version to BetonQuest 3.X up to 4.x eventually.
```
Maybe like this, maybe we need to discuss this in general. I dont know, because users are not used to migrate during 3.X

**The majority of changes will be migrated automatically. However, some things must be migrated manually.**

!!! warning 
    Before you start migrating, you should **back up your server**!

## Changes

@snippet:migration:migration-types@

- [3.1.0 - Reshape burn action](#310-reshape-burn-action) :white_sun_cloud:

> ### 3.1.0 - Reshape burn action :white_sun_cloud:

Reviewer: Normally this is a spoiler

Author: I copied from the other migration 🤔

Reviewer: Only manual are no spoiler, all others are spoiler
